fat loss products review comm for more
detailed video and batter results one of
the biggest questions I get is how do I
lose my belly fat IV tried several
things but nothing worked when I ask
what you tried I hear 100 daily sit-ups
cutting calories drastically excess
cardio fat burners etc if you can t lose
your belly fat you are using the wrong
approach you don t need endless sit-ups
supplement starving yourself or worse
surgery here are the 10 best ways to
lose your belly fat quickly and
naturally 1 stop doing crunches crunches
will strengthen your stomach muscles but
one cheaper in the belly fat that covers
your abs spot reduction is a myth you
Rea wasting time effort doing 200 daily
crunches crunches can also cause lower
back pain slouching shoulders forward
high posture the reverse crunch do a is
70 cause these problems but again spot
reduction is a myth to lose your belly
fat you need more keep reading losing
fat in the belly requires decreasing
your total body fat percentage increase
your activity levels and eat healthfully
to experience a 1 to 2 pounds weight
loss in one week if you are looking for
a quick way to flatten your tummy take a
close look at your kitchen the kitchen
can hide foods that are sabotaging your
efforts such as processed foods that are
high in fat sugar and sodium make a few
healthy changes in your eating and get
moving for a flatter stomach in just a
few days step 1 perform high-intensity
interval training every other day jog on
the treadmill for one minute and walk
for 1 minute repeat for 30 minutes step
2 eat more fiber consume high-fiber
foods like whole grain oatmeal fruits
vegetables and fiber rich Syria
according to the Mayo Clinic foods high
in fiber require more chewing time so it
takes more time for your body to
register when you re no longer hungry so
you rate less likely to overeat
high-fiber foods are less energy dense
which means you can eat the same volume
of food and still cut calories daily
recommendations are 38 G of fiber for
adult men and 25 g of fiber for adult
women
step 3 drink one gallon of water per day
drinking water decreases the loading
caused by dehydration keeps you fuller
longer in cuts calories replace sir car
loaded beverages which contain about 200
calories per can with water according to
USA Today step 4
decrease your stress level stress
increases cortisol production which is a
major cause of weight gain in the belly
area according to the University of
Maryland Medical Center reduce cortisol
levels naturally through adequate rest
meditation and avoiding stimulants if
you want to lose belly fat then you have
make some limitation on the amount of
calories you daily take not only you
have to cut down your calor intake to
lose belly fat but to make flat belly
you have to do consistent workout and do
lot of high intensity cardio exercises
to reduce belly fat fast and quickly the
hunger after and heavy working temps one
into eating junk food that satiates the
pallet and empty stomach loading your
sandwich with layers of cheese and
mayonnaise will ruin all the effort UV
taken to burn the calories in your
workout so if you are trying to lose
belly fat in 10 days you need to eat
less than the number of calories you V
burned for instance UV burn 500 calories
in your morning workout you need to
consume lesser than that for the rest of
the day to lose the unwanted fat thus
replacing the fatty breakfast with
fruits low-fat sandwiches and salads is
the best way of starting your day
lowering the intake of fat in your meals
is important to shed those extra pounds